One Pace Premium
Keep the project alive: ko-fi.com/not6ip
Two years have passed since the war between
Marine Headquarters, the Seven Warlords,
and the Whitebeard Pirates.
On the deserted island Luscaina,
northwest of the Isle of Women...
Luffy!
Yeah! I'm coming!
I can't believe it.
It's been two years already.
Hey!
Watch it. She's my friend.
Luffy, the ship is ready
to set sail whenever you are!
Okay, thanks!
That's amazing.
He's the boss of the island now.
Thing is, we became friends,
so eating them went out the window.
They do look tasty though.
It's okay, Luffy.
All your favorite foods are on the ship.
I think I'd be a good wife
since I'm thoughtful like that.
I'm not getting married,
but thank you for the food!
I can't help loving that harsh side of you!
Rayleigh left six months ago.
He must be waiting to meet you on Sabaody.
He was done teaching me the basics
in the first year and a half.
It's time I said goodbye
to you guys and the island.
Alright...
Let's go!
Ten-Odd Days Later at a Bar
Did you know that
Marine Headquarters moved?
What? It was?
Yeah, they switched places
with the G-1 Branch,
sandwiching the Red Line on either side.
That's how determined Sengoku's successor is.
After all, he set up their headquarters
in the sea with the Four Emperors.
But thanks to the switch,
their HQ has less sway here,
so there are more lawless areas on the island.
Hmm... No wonder it seems
rougher here than two years ago.
Hey, did you see this?!
Yeah, I was shocked, too.
I can't believe the Straw Hats have resurfaced!
For real. Not a peep outta them for two years,
so we thought they had to be dead.
URGENT:
CREW NEEDED
They're even recruiting!
Pirates who survived the first half
of the Grand Line keep showing up.
He's enlisting them to expand his crew
before running wild in the New World!
Sounds exciting! Maybe I should join too!
No way!
There are people with bounties
over 100 million on the island now.
They definitely ain't taking you!
What?!
Sabaody Park, Grove 33
The Sabao Dome, a Concert Hall
Hey, don't say that!
Can't you do anything about it?
Tickets are sold out!
What else would you expect?!
We're talking about the superstar
Soul King Brook's world tour!
This island is the tour's final stop!
The place is already packed!
Manager!
I'll put on a great show today!
Yes, that'd be nice!
Your TD has gone platinum,
selling over a million copies!
You certainly are the King of Soul Music!
Listen to the crowd!
Soul King! Soul King! Soul King! Soul King!
Manager...
before the concert...
I need to tell you something.
What is it?
Come on, baby!
– Yeah!
We are...
– Bone!
Bone!
Bone! Bone! Bone!
♪ Bone to be wild! ♪
I can't believe it...
How selfish can he be?!
Hey, give me a transponder snail!
I'm not gonna let you
get away with this, Brook!
Let's make today the greatest anniversary!
Women! Real ones!
Ah, there's no doubt!
There are actual ladies in front of me!
Here, on this island, are the real ladies
I've been dreaming of, night after night!
Viva Sabaody!
I need a lady!
Sanji-kins!
We'll leave you here.
I don't want to part,
but I'm sure we'll meet again!
I never want to see you again!
Thank you for the ride! Say "hi" to Ivan! Bye!
The man, Sanji,
has just come back from hell!
You know what they say?
Boys can't help being mean to girls they like.
It's true. It happened to me.
I won't ever forget him!
Wait for me, Nami my sweet, Robin my love!
Huh? Did I hear wrong?
A 55-million-belly bounty?
Captain Monkey D. Luffy
"Straw Hat Pirates"
Check the poster again!
It says, "No bounties under 70 million."
We ain't dealing with no captains worth less than that.
How'd you guys even get here in one piece?
Dammit!
Get lost, scum.
Don't you know I'm the son
of Dragon the Revolutionary?!
Navigator Nami
We don't need no deadweight!
Shipwright Franky
We're an exclusive pirate crew!
We're in another league.
Marksman Sogeking
Don't think just anyone can join us.
Get lost.
Straw Hat Luffy is merciless.
Well yeah, he's already achieved so much.
Hey, Franky, how many people we got so far?
A hundred or so.
Three whole pirate crews have joined up.
Ten of them have bounties.
That's good. And two of those
are high-profile rookies.
Wet-Haired Caribou
and Blood Spatter Coribou.
Both are known for killing Marines.
These brothers are captains with bounties
of 210 million and 190 million.
We'll get some use out of 'em!
Let's get more followers!
Old man, we need another round!
Y-Yes!
Hurry up!
Oh? You've been there
for a hot minute, babe.
Stop drinking all alone and come join us!
She's a beauty.
Not on your life.
What?
She turned him down...!
Hey, hey! You have to say yes!
He's Straw Hat Luffy!
Remember? He's the crazy pirate who
burst into the Summit War two years ago!
Ring any bells?
Waiting for a guy?
Gotta be some wimp who'd wail and beg
for mercy after hearing Captain Luffy's name!
Get over here already!
I'll only say it once!
I'm way out of your league, so there's
no way I'm drinking with you.
What?
Do you understand, Straw Hat... who?
I'm freakin' Straw Hat Luffy!
Hey, you'd better apologize! You're in danger!
Huh?
You've got a lot of nerve!
I'll handle her.
So let me spell it out for you.
Either you have a drink with Captain Luffy...
or you drink from this barrel.
For your information, I have a bounty too.
I'm Cat Burglar Nami!
Don't mess with me!
Lethal Green Star:
Devil!
Huh?
Wh-What is this?!
The hell is this?
Help me, Captain!
Get away from me, you dumbass!
What is that plant?
Say, young lady, do you
wanna drink with me?
Usopp, long time no see!
I can't believe it! Look how strong you got!
You've blossomed a bunch yourself!
What?! She was waiting for that punk?!
Your handiwork?
Indeed! That's my new weapon: pop green!
It's not like I've been gazing at the sea,
doing nothing for two years.
I'm sorry, but...
I no longer belong to the Weak Trio
with you and Chopper.
I became a warrior
who isn't fazed by anything!
Hey, dude! Did you do this to us?
What?! Sogeking?! Why?!
Usopp, forget about them!
Let's go somewhere else.
Plus, I need a favor.
Wait, you assholes!
Huh, Luffy?!
We're going!
Hey, ma'am, you haven't paid yet!
Shit! They made us look bad!
Go get 'em!
Dammit!
Huh?! What are these black bubbles?!
What the hell? A cloud?!
Wh-What happened?!
And then I got to study up on some new tech.
Really? You were in the sky?
Find those two and kill them!
Marineford
(Former Marine HQ)
I have a report! At the Sabaody Archipelago...
What? The Straw Hats?!
Yes, sir! It seems they're
recruiting new crew members there.
Report this to HQ.
This is bad if he's alive.
Gather the troops on the double!
And intensify the search
on Sabaody Archipelago!
Did I shake them?
URGENT:
CREW NEEDED
Brook's holding a concert?
The Straw Hats are recruiting?
Just what is going on?
"Soul King"?
Shakky's Rip-off Bar, Grove 13
Wh-What?!
That swordsmoron was the first one here?!
I can't believe it!
Our next voyage will be rough.
Franky came second, about ten days ago,
and immediately went to see the ship.
The Sunny is safe, right?
Of course. Not a scratch on her,
and the coating's already done.
That's good.
He did a good job.
There's no regret for honorable wounds!
– Yes! A year to heal!
I didn't know you had such
a strong sense of duty.
Thank you, Duval.
What, you think I'm handsome?
I returned the favor, Young Master.
Whether it was raining or windy,
dangerous pirates were after your ship.
But I fought day after day
with cuts and bruises!
Those were painful times!
– Boss Duval!
Even so, how did you get hurt so badly?
Well, fall for me... I mean,
listen to me, Young Master.
That's because the Marines finally...
And Nami was the third...
Nami my sweet!
Where is she?!
She went out shopping to kill time.
What about my story?!
♪ Nami's shopping! Nami's shopping! ♪
Usopp arrived fourth a few
days ago and went to town.
Chopper arrived fifth yesterday.
Brook came here today for a concert.
A concert?
And then you came.
So seven members including you have
already arrived on the archipelago.
We haven't seen Nico Robin or Luffy yet.
It's extremely difficult just
to get to this island.
You all are quite impressive.
It's nice you'll be able to reunite.
Yeah. That aside, I can't believe
you trained Luffy.
He must be incredibly strong now.
I haven't seen him in six months.
I'm excited to see his progress.
Progress...
I wonder what kind of
"progress" Nami has made!
Hey, are you alright?
Hey, Zoro! Sanji! Robin!
We're finally back together, but you're acting weird!
Zoro and Sanji, you guys have grown
so close over the past two years.
But why aren't you talking to me?
Hey, it's still following us.
Oh, you're just being shy, you jerks!
That tanuki knows a bit too much about us.
I've been thinking about that too...
Could it be? Look at this.
Zoro, Sanji, Robin & Chopper
"Straw Hat Pirates"
There's no way...!
The real Cotton Candy Lover Chopper,
with a fifty-belly bounty!
It's their pet!
You guys changed a little, but I don't mind.
They must've dumped it on the island
before they died, and now it's a stray.
So it's following us because
it thinks its masters are back.
Then let's ditch that fox
and take this one instead.
If the pet is identical to the poster,
we'll look more authentic.
We're gonna keep it? What does it eat?
Cotton candy!
Don't got any!
We don't need you anymore! Go away!
Come here, Chopper.
Have a cucumber.
Scary! Robin's scary!
Now's our chance!
Oh, Robin!
What? Hey, Nico Robin!
Who are they?
This is really bad! Robin was abducted!
They're kidnappers!
Hey, shouldn't we report this to Captain Luffy?
What?! Have you guys seen Luffy already?
You're right!
They must have new members by now too!
Yeah, we'd better rescue Robin already, huh?
Lead the way!
This is Sabaody! We caught Nico Robin!
With what looks like... a fox?
And it won't let go of her.
I'd better hurry up.
They might all be here by now.
Hey, did you get hit?! The hell!
What's with this guy?!
He shot her out of the blue!
That's terrible!
Hey, stay with me!
Why did you shoot?!
Did we do something to you?!
I said, "sorry," didn't I?!
I mistook her for someone else!
Sorry. I was looking for
a couple that look just like you.
A long-haired woman and a long-nosed man.
You mistook her and shot her on the spot?!
That Straw Hat Luffy is one nasty guy.
Huh? Don't tell me that you
got a problem with me?!
Looks like you do.
Don't blame me! It's their fault!
Hey, hang in there! You still with us?
Find those two already!
We can't just let them get away!
Kill 'em and set an example!
Oh, did I bump you? Sorry!
Bye!
What's wrong with him?
Doesn't he know who Straw Hat Luffy is?
H-He's a dead man walking!
Wait just a minute!
Huh?
That's Sabaody Archipelago in the distance.
Luffy, we have to say goodbye here.
We can't let them find out
about our relationship.
Uh-huh.
Put this on...
like this!
I don't need that! It's too much!
Is that so?
But in case something happens...
Uh-huh.
You have to be careful.
Make sure you hide your face.
The world thinks you're dead, but...
people still know what
you look like from two years ago.
If you cause trouble,
you won't be able to set sail.
I got it.
And in the backpack, I put 500
changes of clothes, 1,000 lunches,
handkerchiefs and tissues,
5 years' worth of towels,
3 years' worth of water and snacks,
silverware, toothbrushes, soap,
That's way too much!
Oh?
I wish you a safe reunion with your crew.
Yeah. Thank you for everything!
Good luck!
I heard that Sabaody has
become perilous these days.
Yes. That's why the Marines are paying
a lot of attention to what goes on there.
Take extra care!
Will do.
If you need us, the Kuja Pirates
will always come to help you!
Please keep that in mind.
And could you do me a favor?
What? I'm not gonna marry you.
Not that... I only request that you leave
without actually saying "goodbye."
Oh, I've never said that to anyone, anyway.
I wanna see you again.
Alright, I'm off!
See you!
Take care, Luffy!
See ya!
He said he wants to see me again!
Is this what they call...
a proposal?!
Nyo, it's nyot!
Hey, you ran into me on purpose, didn't ya?
Th-That guy is screwed!
Why don't you say something?
Did you run into me knowing who I was?
Use your eyes! You made me
look like a chump.
You humiliated me in public.
Me, of all people.
I'm an elite pirate with a 400-million bounty!
Plant your knees on the grass, right now,
and beg for your life!
Just moments ago,
a man with a long nose and a woman
with long hair crossed us,
so our captain is in a bad mood.
Apologize quickly.
Prostrate yourself!
Otherwise, this one little mistake
will end up costing your life.
Our captain has an itchy trigger finger.
Kneel on the ground already!
This guy is Straw Hat Luffy!
Does he want to get killed? Apologize!
I'm really sorry!
I need to get going.
– What's wrong with him?!
Okay!
That does it!
Hey, did he do something just now?
It's the Sunny!
Sorry to keep you waiting for two years.
I'm glad you're okay!
We've got an absolute babe here!
You're our super archaeologist...
Robin, aren't you?!
You haven't changed at all, Franky!
Of course I've changed, silly!
Witness the romantic masculinity
jam-packed in my body!
Feast your eyes on this fantastic,
one-of-a-kind transformation!
I'm beyond human understanding now!
Yeah, you seem to have converted
much of your human side.
Hey, hey! You sayin' I'm perverted?
What a great compliment!
Is this the coating?
It's like jelly.
That's right! Rayleigh sure knows his stuff!
Now we can dive into the depths!
It was masterfully done!
I just saw Rayleigh and the others.
So you went to the bar.
What number were you?
Eighth.
Everyone's here except Luffy.
I see. We'll begin a new voyage soon.
I've got the ship in tip-top condition.
The new weapons are ready, too!
I can't wait.
By the way, where are the others?
Usopp and Sanji were here earlier.
Usopp left to buy fuel,
and Sanji went shopping for food.
I see. Actually, on my way here...
I found this.
Did you know about this? "Soul King," huh?
Yeah... About Brook...
I knew about it. I've seen his TDs everywhere.
He's in the spotlight now.
From the dark, silent, foggy sea...
propelled into the bright lights of the stage,
cheered on by legions of fans.
He might not...
want to be a pirate again.
The Sabao Dome, Grove 33
♪ Soul King is mysterious... ♪
♪ He's nothing but bones! ♪
♪ Afro on the skull! Girls love the contrast! ♪
♪ – Girls love the contrast! ♪
♪ Wanna make her weak in the knees? ♪
♪ Got milk! Got milk! ♪
♪ You need more calcium than protein! ♪
♪ – Ah-ahhh...! ♪
Captain...!
Captain Luffy!
Damn!
Luffy!
I missed you guys!
Hey!
Luffy!
What?
Franky!
Huh?
Nami!
Huh?!
S... Sogeking?!
Hm?
Cool!
You guys have changed in the last two years!
I bet you got stronger!
It's the Straw Hats.
What are they doing on the street?
Well, what happened was...
Avoid eye contact.
You don't want to fight them.
D-Dammit!
What happened to you?
I don't know!
I felt chills all over my body!
What kind of trick did he pull?
Oh, yeah! We have another problem.
The thing is, Cocoa got–
No, I mean...
Nico Robin got...
What was that, Zoro?!
Nico Robin got abducted?!
I'm sorry. It happened right before our eyes.
Yeah, that's right! This is serious, Luffy!
She could have been kidnapped,
just like Camie was!
Wha...?
Who did it?
Uh... I haven't the foggiest.
Captain,
I think the people who are after
the real Robin took Cocoa by mistake.
That's possible.
She looked so much like the real Robin...
That did not go in our favor.
Hey, stop whispering!
What?
Well, not much we can do now.
That's her fate.
– What?!
O-Okay, Captain.
What?!
Hey, Luffy! Robin has been abducted!
And what the hell is this creature?
Is that supposed to be a joke?!
Now's not the time to say such things!
How can he speak? Is he a stuffed animal?
Take it back, Luffy!
Shut up!
Forget about that thing!
Just meet at Grove 46 with
the hundred recruits we found here!
That long-nosed man...
That orange-haired woman...
That brat with the cloak and giant backpack...
Find those three...
and make them regret
crossing Straw Hat Luffy!
– Oh! Roger!
Let's do our best not to kill them
before bringing them here.
Let's use this opportunity
to show them we mean business!
Okay, let's go!
Wait a minute, you guys!
Have these last two years
warped your personalities so much?
Luffy?!
I... I... feel so sad...
All I can do is cry!
Again, what is this creature?
What about Robin? Why don't
you guys say something?!
Huh? How can he talk?
Toys today are pretty advanced!
Dammit! You guys aren't
at all who I thought you were!
I'll go save her all on my own!
Wait for me, Robin!
What happened?
Is there some infighting?
It's them...
No doubt about it.
The Straw Hat Pirates may look
radically different from two years ago,
but no one else has a weird pet like that!
They're...
the Straw Hats!
They're alive!
Hey, fisherman! Any deals on today's catch?
Huh? Are they out?
Hey, are you the owner?
What's the matter?
He's gone!
The green-haired man that was here!
Green-haired...?
What happened?
I did something horrible!
It was just a few moments ago...
Old man, I'd like to go fishing.
Huh?
Wha...?
Young man, you don't
look like the fishing type.
I promised to meet friends on this island,
but I got here first and
haven't seen any of them yet.
Being first has left me with nothing to do.
Can you take me out
on your fishing boat?
Sure, I'll take you out on that boat,
so why don't you wait for me on board?
That's what I told him.
Green hair, three swords, and a bellyband?
Yeah, and he has a deep scar on his eye.
You know him?
A scar on his eye?
Was it this guy?
Oh yeah, this is the guy! Is he your friend?
I'd say more of an acquaintance...
So I told him to get on
the fishing boat, yes I did.
But when I got back here...
Young man! Wrong one!
You boarded a pirate ship!
Alright, men! Time to fulfill our dreams
and set sail for the New World!
W-Wake up, young man!
You're on the wrong ship!
So I think he's heading
for Fishman Island like that.
That idiot!
I thought it was unlike him to show up first.
But sure enough, he ended up
doing something like this...!
He was on a pirate ship!
He might be dead by now!
No, no, it's okay. It's not your fault at all.
He won't die. We're just lucky
we know where he's heading.
That aside, can I have some fish?
Sure, but...
Hey, what's that?!
Look at the water! Something is surfacing!
What is it?
It's huge!
It's a galleon!
Was it poorly coated
and crushed by the water pressure?
Or attacked by sea kings?
It looks like it's been cut clean in half!
Don't be crazy!
What could cut a ship this big?
You bastard!
How dare you ruin our dream
of going to the New World?!
A twist of fate!
You should blame your own cursed fate that
brought a plague onto your ship.
So self-righteous!
Look!
Somebody's on the ship!
Oh, he's back. Could've stayed
gone for all I care.
I got on...
the wrong ship.